feat: Add snap docs for Device ONVIF Camera (#797)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedSnapUsers.md

            └── device.virtual.uint.yaml
```

### Device ONVIF Camera
| [Installation][edgex-device-onvif-camera] | [Configuration] | [Managing Services] | [Debugging] | [Source](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-onvif-camera/tree/main/snap) |

> The services are **not started** by default. Please refer to [configuration] and [managing services].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service is **not started** by default. Please refer to [configuration] and [managing services].
```
